it's Jamie I'm here in my backyard again
here in Astoria Queens one of the five
boroughs and I'm actually here with the
velkoz snapped for a really nice new
stroller from Valco if you know me I'm a
big fan of the Z in there try mode but
this is their new snap four so I'll just
give you a little you know demonstration
of it tell you a few things about it um
suitable from birth up to 44 pounds it
has a really nice recline with the vent
back here as well and then the vent
cover actually could double as storage
pockets it's got divided storage pouches
back here the handle is not height
adjustable on this guy but I'm not short
and it feels totally great um really
nice height for me I don't feel like I'm
slouching don't feel like a but you know
break my back
one thing that BALCO has done with their
newest rollers they have what's called
the expand a hood so you unzip this and
then it gives you more sun protection
here which is really great I got that
dirty um
but you just zip this right back up if
you don't need a hood that large um if
you look in here let me get the seat up
you have a really nice padded seat with
this guy you have a liner and one thing
that Valkyr let me get the bar out of
the way one thing that falco does very
nicely with their harness if you look
here for toddlers that are very good at
undoing this buckle and getting out
Valco has an extra step where you have
to actually press in and push that
before the buckle comes out so it's a
little bit harder for kids to get it
undone which is great I haven't have a
problem sometimes to be honest kidding
you know you have a nice padded foot
well here that's really easy to wipe
clean you can lock these front wheels if
you want to I don't know why you really
would except if you're dealing with
gravel or something you can lock them
but I don't I don't find the need for
that really that often decent storage
bag under here you know this doesn't
bend down but this is nice and curved
here so you can get your stuff in you
know in this not barefoot and I
apologize for that this is actually a
really good put flop friendly brake so
you step on it this way to engage it you
step on it this way to unlock look it's
very easy very easy so just by stepping
and not prying up with your toes it
won't like bust your toenails up or
anything more about because we don't
want that you have another wrist harness
here for the stroller while you're
pushing it my favorite thing about the
stroller actually it does push really
well even though there's not creases
suspension in it in the wheels or foam
it's pretty genius when you fold this
guy up if you need to get around so how
that works if you notice here there's
this little grey button right there so
you are going to pick the baby up or
whatever you're pushing around a dog you
push that and then hold that down so
it's got a really really compact fold
and then there's a shoulder strap you
can carry it just like that and it will
fold with the handle bar at the belly
bar on it as well but this is under 15
pounds it's right around 14.5 14.6 it's
a really lightweight stroller and for a
stroller of this quality for that weight
this is pretty awesome it's a really
really great push again very light very
very light stroller and it has an auto
chassis lock right here that's where it
locks automatically so you're not tying
straps down and then you just push that
and it pops right leg open really really
great little stroller by Falco I think
it's you know going to give a couple
under stroller company's hopefully a
little competition which is nice because
competition makes the industry better
and bigger this is the Falco baby snap
for
it's a good stroller check it out